278 student guide how to get started (#284)
ci-group/revolve2: docs/source/student_tutorial/index.rst

> ============

Reviewer: Good first guide. we can expand later if we find out we want to tell them more

Getting Started
============

> Revolve2 is a library that allows you to use evolutionary computing for modular robot evolution and simulation of those robots.

Reviewer: Not needed to tell the students that but as said above it's mean to provide several things separately. but this is indeed what revolve provides for students

Additionally these modular robots can be built physically and subsequently be controlled by the brain of your simulated robots.
In this tutorial we will go over all steps for you to start researching ASAP.

-------------
Step 1: Installation
-------------
The first step is to install revolve2. For this follow the detailed tutorial from :ref:`Installation Guide<installation/index>`.
Keep in mind that installation can vary depending on the release you choose.

---------------------
Step 2: Play with examples
---------------------
Depending on your topic of research some different functionality in revolve2 might be interesting to you.

> One good starting point to get a better understanding of the inner workings of revolve2, are the examples found in the repository.

Reviewer: in the repository's `examples` directory. students can be more blind than you think :ok_hand:

* To understand the mechanics behind the simulations better look at: `simulate_single_robot`

* If you need a refresh on evolutionary algorithms try to understand the following examples:

>     * `simple_ea_xor`and `simple_ea_xor_database`

Reviewer: I would recommend without database, and recommend with database afterwards to understand the concept of a database. in the past the database was really confusing to students

* To get into the evolution of modular robots brains/ bodies or both there are multiple examples to look at:

    * `robot_bodybrain_ea` for evolving the brain and body of a robot using an evolutionary algorithm

    * `robot_bodybrain_ea_database` for doing the same as above, however with a database to collect simulation data.

>     * `robot_brain_cmaes` is a good starting point when you want to evolve only a brain using covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `robot_brain_cmaes` is a good starting point when you want to evolve only a brain using the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES)
```

    * `robot_brain_cmaes_database` for the same with a database again.

> * Evaluating your experiments is crucial. Examples on how you could do that can be found in:

Reviewer: So the goal if this example is not to evaluate your experiments, but to show a student how they can 'evaluate' a robot. that is, to measure its fitness. 'simulate_single_robot' simulate the robot but does nothing with the result. this examples simulate the robot and then processes the sim results

Reviewer: if you think that is unclear for sure feel free to also update the example descriptions (in a later pr let's get this out first). those are fairly basic

    * `evaluate_multiple_isolated_robots` and `evaluate_single_robot`

> * To see how you can structure a experiment look at: `experiment_setup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To see how you can structure an experiment look at: `experiment_setup`
```

> * Finally if you want to use your freshly evolved ``ActorController`` on a physical robot look at the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Finally, if you want to use your freshly evolved ``ActorController`` on a physical robot, look at the following examples:
```

>     * `rpi_controller` to see an example of a mapped ``ActorController``.

Reviewer: to me it is unclear what you mean by 'mapped'

Author: changed to serialized

============
Getting Started
============

Revolve2 is a library that allows you to use evolutionary computing for modular robot evolution and simulation of those robots.
Additionally these modular robots can be built physically and subsequently be controlled by the brain of your simulated robots.
Revolve2 is modular in nature so depending on your use case you might need only a specific subset of packages.
In this tutorial we will go over all steps for you to start researching ASAP.

-------------
Step 1: Installation
-------------
The first step is to install revolve2. For this follow the detailed tutorial from :ref:`Installation Guide<installation/index>`.
Keep in mind that installation can vary depending on the release you choose. This documentation matches the latest release of Revolve2.

---------------------

> Step 2: Play with examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Play with the examples
```

---------------------
Depending on your topic of research some different functionality in revolve2 might be interesting to you.
One good starting point to get a better understanding of the inner workings of revolve2, are the examples found in the repositories :code:`example` directory.

> Most examples have two versions, with one being the same example with the addition of a database. Try the examples with the databases last to understand the role of this addition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples have two versions: with and without database. Try the examples with the databases last to understand the role of this addition.
```

> * To understand the mechanics behind the simulations better look at: :code:`simulate_single_robot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To understand the mechanics behind the simulations, look at: :code:`simulate_single_robot`
```

> * If you need a refresh on evolutionary algorithms try to understand the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you need a refresh on evolutionary algorithms, try to understand the following examples:
```

    * :code:`simple_ea_xor` and :code:`simple_ea_xor_database`

* To get into the evolution of modular robots brains/ bodies or both there are multiple examples to look at:

>     * :code:`robot_bodybrain_ea` for evolving the brain and body of a robot using an evolutionary algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :code:`robot_bodybrain_ea` for evolving the brain and body of a robot using an evolutionary algorithm.
```

>     * :code:`robot_bodybrain_ea_database` for doing the same as above, however with a database to collect simulation data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :code:`robot_bodybrain_ea_database` for doing the same as above, but with a database to collect simulation data.
```

    * :code:`robot_brain_cmaes` is a good starting point when you want to evolve only a brain using the covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy (CMA-ES)

>     * :code:`robot_brain_cmaes_database` for the same with a database again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :code:`robot_brain_cmaes_database` for the previous example, but again with an added database.
```

* Evaluating your robots is crucial for your experiments. In :code:`simulate_single_robot` we just simulated a single robot but did nothing with results. Examples on how you can evaluate fitness or results in general, can be found in:

    * :code:`evaluate_single_robot` shows how to evaluate a single robots fitness (defined by displacement from the origin).

>     * :code:`evaluate_multiple_isolated_robots` shows how to evaluate the fitness of multiple robots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :code:`evaluate_multiple_isolated_robots` shows how to evaluate the fitness of multiple robots, in parallel.
```

> * To see how you can structure an experiment look at: :code:`experiment_setup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To see how you can structure an experiment, look at: :code:`experiment_setup`.
```
